# CSE 240C
Advanced Microarchitecture - Contributions related to the micro-architectural reverse engineering of modern processors.

### Instructions for homework 1

To run the code, please run ./latencyComputation.o. If you choose to compile from src, please run the following command

g++ -o latencyComputation.o latencyComputation.cpp

That will generate the latencyComputation.o which could later be run. 

This only supports latency computation on those processors that have a 64 byte cache line size.

Support for other cache line sizes will be extended by tomorrow.

### Instructions for homework 2

In this assignment, we attempt to reverse engineer specific aspects of the Microarchitecture of any Superscalar OoO processor.
The following steps are used to generate the files needed to test the values generated by the code -

1. Generate the extended asm file. Based on the architecture that needs to be tested, we generate the different forms of asm code.
2. The current version only supports GCC asm code. I will add more support for the Linux Kernel in the near future.
3. To start the runs, please run the generate_files.py using python3 generate_files.py. That will automatically generate the runtimes for the different experiments.


### Instructions to run the code for side channel attack generation

In this project, I have collaborated with Zhenya Ma to deconstruct the prefetcher and develop a prefetcher aware side channel attack.

1. The results for the prefetcher aware side channel attack have been presented in the report.
2. Please look at the README inside the CacheSC folder to understand more about this attack.
3. Code has been edited from @Miro Haller's work.
